Welcome to Interpol's list. bro.
Hello. Mr. Soufian.
You won. Jaouad.
- I didn't win.
I'm winning.
- What exactly do you want?
Romano.
So you want me to kill...
- Kill. Yes.
Doesn't seem to me that you have
a problem with that. right?
I always do everything right for everyone.
And now this is what I get. This...
Do you already have a plan for communication or
are you going to talk to me about Turks. Taxi?
I think I have a guy
who can temporarily fix us.
Fiks it.
You stay here. Younes.
Why haven't I seen you?
You used to not like
from that brother of yours.
There was only hatred toward him.
And look at you now.
In my opinion. he needed it.
Samira. Samira.
And if you talk to Taxi. there's nothing
going on with his female.
If you don't cooperate.
I can't do anything for you.
Are you deaf?
I say: My children
need to be safe first.
I know who you are.
I know who your brother is.
El Moussaoui.
- What about him?
He has to be killed.
He is getting too close.
I look forward to getting
doing business together.
I am convinced that it will be
will be a fruitful collaboration.
Maybe he can teach you Spanish?
Don't worry.
With 2000 kilos on the way to Antwerp.
I can't afford...
That you are not there with your head.
Got it?
Honestly. Tatta?
Nothing but fuck-ups...
Time after time. after time. after time.
I shot my uncle in the head
Shot. for you. friend.
Hey.
I missed my
own brother for you. yes.
So what did you come here to talk about. friend?
Listen. I can talk to Jaouad.
You know you're dead if you drive on.
- Shut the fuck up.
Will I get a babysitter?
- As long as I'm gone. yes.
From the forest. no one can
coming. I placed mines.
Is that guy going to help you
in Antwerp?
No. it's not going to go with you anymore.
- Who are you going to do it with then?
What are you doing here?
- I came to get you out of this shit. friend.
Who the hell are you?
- His brother.
I have 2.000 kilos of cocaine in the port
of Antwerp.
Your guys should rip it for me.
- Nice.
We are going to meet again.
Remember this moment.
You guys think I'm
cooperate with this rat. do you?
You know what I find funny?
That you're still alive.
Working for him is a punishment.
- You go with him.
It is also the only way
to get close to him.
If I'm around him long enough
and he doesn't pay attention for a moment....
When you've transferred my money.
you go tell me where Pope is.
Hey. Adil. Where are you going?
Adil El H. has had a life sentence
against him.
The prosecution has
100.000 euros reward.
Listen carefully. bitch.
If you don't shut up. you won't make it
tomorrow. Do you understand me?
You know I trade.
That's what I do. So what are you going to do?
Are we going to pick up
where we left off?
Or will you let him put a bullet
through my head?
He's right.
Just take him with you.
Fuck. How did you get here?
Straight from Ketama.
No. man. It's Nepal.
- Nepal?
You smoke Nepalese hashish.
Like swearing in church.
What are you all talking about.
swearing in church?
Proverb.
- What for...
Hey. you know. give me that joint.
- Here here. your joint. dirty jonko.
First you stress. then you
you discriminate against my Nepal hash....
and then you come and play professor
with your cursing in the church.
And I'll get your lighter. Here's your lighter.
Listen. what I'm trying to say...
- Shut the fuck up. man.
Grab those hoods now.
Shut up for one second.
Hey. listen up.
The ghost of east...
is dead.
Ghostbusters.
Don't. What are you doing?
- Just make a new sandwich.
That was my bread.
Spread your own bread.
Don't touch me.
- Rayan.
Give back. Don't be so annoying.
- Done.
Stop. Otherwise I'm gonna
tell mom.
Don't snitch.
- Ho. Enough.
Go to your room. please.
No arguing. okay?
Younes.
How is it here?
- Fantastic.
Life is a party. right?
What am I going to tell you. William?
I'm not sleeping. No hunger. no thirst.
If I didn't have children.
I don't know if...
Do you know how it works?
Focus on our work. okay?
It gives hold. Trust me.
We're going to start right away. boy.
Van Jaren wants us this afternoon
speaking already.
This afternoon?
In my opinion. we are beginning to
losing our grip on the situation.
I thought the low point had been reached....
With the violent outbreak
of Adil El Haddaoui.
What do you mean?
- Shall I summarize?
Because then you kill
one of your own agents...
a colleague and an underage teenager.
both Moroccan...
In the middle of Amsterdam. the body
of Romano Tevreden is dumped.
Which is also going to have consequences.
And then there's a drug-related
battle...
Where the corpses of the street
are swept.
The image has emerged
that we are no longer in charge here.
That some kids from Amsterdam-West...
with difficult surnames
calling the shots.
A line has really been crossed.
Something really needs to change.
If you guys think someone
can do better on my chair....
Stop it. Van Jaren.
What we need.
is a new strategy.
I'm on the air tonight....
Yes. your secretary sent us the info
about the broadcast.
I've seen it. Very bad idea.
If criminals sail badly on anything.
it's the spotlight.
That's exactly the big problem.
To regard Ancharad as simply a criminal
consider is a capital mistake.
These are narco-terrorists.
No one knows how they react...
On something like a broadcast
with a minister in it.
And besides. we have someone
who wants to break the silence.
A crown witness.
With that. we can roll up the entire organization
roll up in one fell swoop.
Doing this tonight in that way could
jeopardize the operation.
A crown witness?
Why don't we know anything about that?
Because it would be premature...
you and the minister about that right now
informed of that.
And that deal is done?
We are still waiting
for a formality.
Get that deal on my desk
is on my desk.
Then I consider the broadcast
letting it go. After all. I am reasonable.
Of course.
And do we actually know where Ancharad
is or is he also already without a trace?
Do you hear what I am saying?
I hear you. Tatta and a group of
Easterners ripped off our cargo.
How could this happen?
How can this happen?
We thought: he is alone.
What could he do? They came with
a whole army. cousin. He looked like Putin.
Snipers. all the trimmings.
Across there
Is our grandfather buried.
Our future.
Does it hurt. those braces?
Little bit.
Small price for freedom.
Where is Pencil. anyway?
Who has an appointment with a doctor.
Appointment? Will you release him?
You know Pencil betrayed you.
You know that Pencil is the only one
who knew where that villa was.
As soon as he gets that chance to grab you.
he goes for it. It's a rat.
Who is lying with eight bullet holes
on the street? That Amsterdam guy.
And who is standing here in the sun?
Romano or me?
Pencil can't do anything to me.
Don't worry so much.
We can compensate you well
for your time.
Very good compensation.
So if I understand correctly.
you want me to do facial surgery.
With high priority
and late at night after hours.
You want to pay in cash.
but the client is not here...
and you can't show me
of him?
It will be easy money for you.
You know. you criminals
are really all the same.
I am a respected doctor.
not a mobster.
And you're lucky
that I'm not calling the police right now.
Thank you for your time. sir.
Jaouad. I'm sorry.
You have to talk to those investors
start talking to them. As soon as possible.
What am I going to tell them?
And beyond that?
I'm going to tell you that.
But I need to know something else first.
What about Tonnano?
Can we still build on him?
I don't know.
He says he's close to Tatta.
Talk. mattie.
What do you see?
I see movement. man.
Hard to see. man.
Listen. Harry Potter.
Do you see that ginger or don't you?
Wait. wait. I see someone. wait.
I see his female and child.
- Let me check then. bro.
Okay. I know enough. Go loesoe then.
Loesoe from here.
For what sauce
did I come here for. bro.
What are you whispering. mattie?
- Nothing. You got it. Will do.
Huh?
What is this?
I have a suggestion.
Whether you get what you have
agreed with Laszlo...
is leaving and
this is the last time we will see each other.
Or?
You sell this cargo for me
in Amsterdam.
That is too great a risk.
Loesoe. now.
Fuck.
Under the table. now.
And stay there until I say so.
Tfoe.
- Kifesh. what is it?
Cancer connection.
It is a good proposal.
Even if I wanted to.
I don't have the people for it.
People understand that you are the boss.
I send you the people you need.
For a 10 percent share.
Hey.
Again those fucking bags.
We need money.
not fucking bags.
Take it easy.
- One week you said. right?
One week and then we would be gone.
Now we've been sitting here for a couple of weeks
and I'm babysitting that bitch.
I'm going crazy here.
I have to go and fix it myself.
Oh. you want to fix it yourself?
Then go.
Please take one step outside
With your headline everywhere on the news.
You're lucky
that you're safe in here.
I take a risk here every day
By going outside.
My uncle is still looking for me too. lol.
I said to you anyway:
I'm going to fix it?
So let me fix it.
All you have to do
is lay low...
And make sure she keeps her mouth shut.
It's not that hard.
Look at me.
Give me one week.
Then I'll have it fixed.
Then we'll be out of here and you can
go wherever we want.
By the way. I found
what you were looking for.
Listen. chief.
I just don't get it.
You guys have known for a long time
exactly what the deal is.
I will not sign until my children are also included in
the agreement.
It is not that difficult.
This is what I have been
said to you.
That's what I told the detective
who let you guys die.
Of course we know
that you want your children...
and we have done a thorough
research on that...
but I hope you also understand that
not one judge is jumping at the chance
To give you as a criminal full custody
over your children.
And until then. where are
those children go?
Children need to go to school.
They can't be here with you
in this basement.
But I want to be able to control
where they go when I have to leave.
I know what's good for them.
- You do?
Maybe for once you also
have to make the right decisions.
I think my client
been very clear
on the only deal
acceptable to him.
He is willing to declare the entire organization
of Ancharad to declare
under the condition
that the statements remain in the vault
until he has his children again.
including custody.
Those children are not even
in the picture with us. Younes.
You can demand anything. but you understand
surely we can't promise anything....
which we cannot 100 percent
can guarantee?
For that. Ancharad is
far too important to us.
You know.
just stop this negotiation.
For me it makes no sense
Without my children.
Okay...
In my opinion. that was not a bluff.
No.
With Van Jaren here.
I get that crown witness deal....
Not today.
I need more time.
Your time is up. Gerben.
We have lost control.
for far too long.
That broadcast will go on.
I'm sorry.
So was he there
Or was he not there?
His female was there.
Someone laid land mines there.
What the fuck are you bringing there?
Let me focus
on my soldiers.
Or do you want to be in my army?
- Do you have any news about the other one?
Is this an in-depth interview?
Are you conducting surveys now?
What do you mean? Your husband cuts?
Since that little cop left. it's been hard
to get to the government dogs.
I sent Selim.
He is under the radar.
He knows he has to find Taxi.
If not.
mohim.
What is the plan?
Have you heard from your brother yet?
Gentlemen.
It's all about the signal.
There is chaos now. cousin.
People think we are weak.
Now is the time
To show who we are.
Bad plan.
What is he talking about now?
Tatta has a whole army
of Easterners there.
If you start making noise there now.
you'll lose everything.
So what?
What is more important now?
Tatta sweeping or a new load
in? Without fuss.
The new shipment is on its way.
Of that new shipment you will receive
the quantity you ordered.
In addition. you will receive
an additional amount of...
As compensation for waiting.
Think of it as interest.
Where is Pope?
Has he become too posh for us?
Why does some girl suddenly come
telling us all kinds of things?
Where is our brother?
- Men.
You guys are men. right?
You guys know what business
you guys are in.
Do you sell crackers?
You sell drugs. don't you. brother.
Drugs are risk.
Yes? Sometimes loads are intercepted.
The cargo was not intercepted.
it was ripped off.
You've been fucked. brother.
And by one of your best men.
Getting me laid.
that's your brilliant plan?
You've already been fucked.
by Tatta. And you by my cousin.
Give me that laptop.
Give that laptop. give.
What if I don't agree?
We do not forget those who remain faithful to us.
And we don't forget
who is now turning his back on us.
You lose the trade.
our trade.
And we have to obey
as if you were mother superior? No.
Hey. mattie.
- Omar.
Hey. niffo. you see that plateau over there?
Keep it up and I'm going to throw your mother
off that three times.
Omar.
Boss calls you.
I'll give you one week
to return the money.
If not.
wait to see what will happen.
Well...
If there are other people
who want to go...
Do you see it the same way?
- Yes. because it is an extreme enemy.
Jaouad Ancharad heads
of one of the largest...
and most violent drug organizations
the Netherlands has ever known.
We suspect him of involvement
in dozens of liquidations
and the importation of thousands of kilograms of
narcotics.
The time when this kind of criminal...
Being able to hide in the shadows.
is just over.
For us. for our ministry.
it is the highest priority
To catch him. Let's call
by its name. Or beast.
These are enemies of the state.
Jaouad Ancharad is an enemy of the state.
Nothing less than that.
Of which I hereby take note.
- Sorry. I just want to say one more thing.
Jaouad. if you look...
we're going to get you.
wherever you are.
You think you are above the law.
No. history is
on our side. We are going to get you.
Shut up. bitch.
Enemy of the State.
Enemy of the state? Your mother.
Mom.
It has been a while since we have
spoken.
I just wanted to say
that I am doing well.
Mama. watch out for all the stories
they tell you about me.
Not everything they say to you
about me is true. Okay?
Forgive me.
You have a hard time because of me.
If only I could turn back time.
But it just happened.
And it had to be that way.
Okay. Mom. It's okay.
My hope is that we can
can see each other soon.
But if you don't want to. I understand.
Bye.
What a house this is. uncle.
That's decoration. Anyone can buy it.
What do you mean decoration?
This is a palace. uncle.
Look. look. That's what this is really about.
A man without a family
Is a man without wealth.
Right. Chaouki?
This is what I'm going to do
when I'm in Morocco soon.
Take him
To another table.
Maybe they would prefer
us to sit in the basement.
Don't worry. uncle.
The money I made for this bitch
brought in...
I should be at the head of that table
should be sitting.
Please your attention. please.
Thank you for coming.
I'm glad to see you.
all those faces I love so much.
When my father built this house.
we all remembered the power
and the perseverance
that my father had.
How hard he worked
To lay every stone.
To plant each tree.
For it was his dream
To bring us all together.
I am happy to see my family reunited.
my friends and business partners.
Let's enjoy it.
Cheers. enjoy your meal.
To my father. to Don Alberto.
- Pedigree of your mother.
Police.
Show your hands.
Hands on the head.
On your head those hands. Standing up.
On your knees.
OC. send in the investigators.
One person on their knees in the living room.
Hello. Mrs. El Haddaoui. My name is
is Geusebroek from the Criminal Investigation Department.
Sorry to drop in on you like this.
but we heard your son in here.
We want to know where he went.
Keep hands on your head.
- Quietly.
Well?
Pretty okay. right?
Brother. I know doner shops
with better food than this.
Hey.
Quietly. quietly.
What have I done that I deserve this?
My aunt put me at a table
next to an imbecile
who should be at the children's table.
Why. God? Why?
He reminds me of a puppy
That I once had.
Just as small. with those big eyes.
Do you have a problem or something? Then come.
- Oh my God. now look.
He even has a bracket.
He really belongs at the children's table.
I'll kill him. cousin.
Manuel. come.
We're going to smoke a Cuban.
Does it taste?
- Hey. Tia. yeah. yeah.
I was just telling my cousin that we're glad
that you invited us.
Us?
Your cousin was not invited.
I don't invite people
Who I have kept at gunpoint.
But I don't want any tension today.
No tension. This is...
This is fine.
You sure are quiet for someone
Who just lost his load.
So you heard that. Okay.
I need as soon as possible
need a new load.
Right now I'm not sending anything
to Rotterdam or Antwerp.
What. why not?
I'll pay you extra for it.
Why? Because you don't
are not in control.
You turn it into a battle.
With corpses everywhere.
The port is super-strictly guarded.
The cargo is lost.
These are bad things for me.
And now your headline is all over the news.
Even more attention.
And yes. I know that too.
Have you forgotten. Tia?
How much money I made for you?
Have you forgotten
what I did to those Mexicans?
I paid you well for that.
What makes you think
I invited you?
Do not underestimate what this means.
This is business. Not charity.
What to do.
Waiting for it to blow over.
Then you can become business partners again.
Think first. then act.
Like using his mind.
Why isn't he sitting here next to you?
Tia. I can't wait.
I'll pay you 20 percent extra.
That's good. right?
25. for the problems.
And you have to find a new port.
I have two ports. How then?
I don't want to hear anything more.
Keep a low profile. And eat your dessert.
How are we going to find a new port?
And that new delivery.
And how are we going to pay for them?
Collect as much as you can.
And what if we don't get it together?
- Don't give me a headache.
We'll see. So many questions.
Maybe after this load
time to say goodbye to Tia. too.
There are plenty of suppliers.
And another thing:
That surgeon needs to start thinking.
Hey.
- What's up?
You must halt the hunt
on Tatta.
What. that dog ripped us off.
I know. It's only for a little while.
Until we get that new shipment.
What are we going to do with her?
We can just keep her here
keep her here. right? Until we leave.
She knows too much.
So?
- I don't know.
You're going to be normal. you know.
If it has to. it has to.
Just stop whining.
Fry her an egg or something.
That's an old map.
Yes. just trying this one.
Stop.
Let go of me.
- Arms.
Stand up.
Arms.
Why aren't you listening? Why?
I'll take you home. Just a little drive.
You have been arrested on suspicion
of credit card fraud.
You come with me to the office. Come.
Next time you're going to listen.
We go.
Police. We have
a search warrant.
One word. I know where to find you. Yes?
Congratulations on the broadcast.
I hope it has the effect
that you had in mind.
The ratings
won't be an issue. I read.
Thank you.
But. of course. it's all about the goal.
I'm glad we both
both agree on that.
Now that you in front of half the people
more or less promised
To pick up Ancharad....
I suppose that's when
when I come into the picture?
Then I need your help.
The negotiations
with the star witness are deadlocked.
So the minister is going to get
personally get involved...
with men's guardianship.
for the sake of this case.
That's on the second page.
first paragraph.
And because this is a vault statement....
we can't use your statement
not use before
than you have your children.
But you already knew that.
You know what the consequences are
if you sign this. don't you?
After this. you can't go back.
You must give us concrete statements
about the entire organization.
Yes. but that exception of Samira
is in there. right?
Because I'm not going to declare
About the mother of my children.
Yes. that one is in there too.
The last page. last paragraph.
Driving.
That parkinson doctor wants to
turn me into Chucky.
Doctor.
Mouth open. You want money. right?
Sorry. cousin.
I'm going to arrange for another doctor.
Quietly. quietly.
Okay. where can I flick that shit down?
- Just find a place. yeah.
Scream even louder. Scream.
Hey. baby.
I said I would get home safely.
- Yes. glad to have you back.
Well done. gap.
Didn't you put those mines
Put those mines for the cat's pussy.
You won't have
the coming time.
Is this our money?
This is going to be our money.
- Damn.
That's not the deal. is it. Rinus.
- What deal?
I'm not making a war.
I'm not doing anything.
I'm fixing shit. right.
Some confidence. please.
What do you want. you tell me. Do you want to live in
Almere Muziekwijk live in a flat?
Or do you want to live in a big villa
living on the beach? Say.
Let me see that Jacuzzi. Come. Come.
No. please.
Stop whining. Sit still.
Chaouki. I need you to translate
for me. yes?
Hey. jerk. listen up.
I thought that tonight
I would get a new face.
But now it looks like
That you are the lucky one.
Maybe we should
a brace.
A brace is going to help you.
Don't you think?
- Bastard. Bastard.
We are going to play a game.
One...
two...
three.
You are lucky.
Wait. Not right away yet.
One. two. three.
Enter.
You're lucky. pathetic dog.
Chaouki.
Sit. sit. sit.
Wait.
One...
two...
three.
Heck yeah.
Pros.
Well done. Chaouki.
I have to go to the bathroom.
Otto. Otto.
How are you? Are you by bike?
No. Just like Jesus.
- I know who Jesus is.
Uncle. you startled me.
Did you guys have a good party or what?
Packing. I'm done with this country.